Q1: Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
A1: Functions make programs easier to read, debug and update because it cuts down on code duplication and allows code to be organized and compartmentalized in a logical way. 

Q2: When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or when the function is called?
A2: When called.

Q3: What statement creates a function?
A3: the "def" statement followed by a function name with parentheses which may or may not contain parameters. Then a colon.
	eg. def goodbye():

Q4: What is the difference between a function and a function call?
A4: A function call is an instance of code that tells the program to execute an already defined function.
    A function is the code that will be executed when the program calls it.

Q5: How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
A5: There is only ever one global scope in a Python program. There are as many local scopes as there are functions called in a program.
    The global scope remains until the program as a whole terminates. Particular local scopes exist until the function call associated with it finishes executing.

Q6: What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
A6: The variables in a local scope are forgotten when the function call returns.

Q7: What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?
A7: A return value is the value that a function call evaluates to. Yes.

Q8: If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
A8: The return value is None.

Q9: How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?
A9: You must use the Global statement before the name of the intended global variable.

Q10: What is the data type of None?
A10: None is the unique data type that represents the absence of a value.

Q11: What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?
A11: It imports a module called "areallyourpetsnamederic" so that functions within that module can then be called.

Q12: If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how would you call it after importing spam?
A12.: spam.bacon()

Q13: How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?
A13: By using the try and except statements.

Q14: What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause?
A14: The potentially error-causing code goes in the try clause. Code that you want to run in the event of that error goes in the subsequent except clause.